refactor: Store ramp and control points as raw intensity values (keep range pt. 1) (#462)
allen-cell-animated/website-3d-cell-viewer: documentation/URL_SPEC.md

> the volume and the colorize mode, sets the color to `#8da3c0`, and sets the
> control points for the transfer function.

| Property | Description                                                                       | Expected values                                                        | Default                                | Example                             |
| -------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------- |
| `ven`    | Whether the volume is enabled.                                                    | `1` (enabled) or `0` (disabled)                                        | `0` (`1` for the first three channels) | `?c0=ven:1`                         |
| `sen`    | Whether the isosurface is enabled.                                                | `1` (enabled) or `0` (disabled)                                        | `0`                                    | `?c0=iso:1`                         |

> | `isv`    | Isosurface value, the intensity value at which to generate the isosurface.        | Number in the range `[0, 255]`                                         | `128`                                  | `?c0=isv:195`                       |

Reviewer: should `isv` change the range it names?  it is also a raw intensity now?  or is that going in a different pr?

Reviewer: sounds like a breaking change...

| `p10:p95`   | Linear mapping from the 10th percentile to the 95th.       |
| `m100:m150` | Linear mapping from the median to 1.5 times the median.    |
| `autoij:0`  | Uses the "auto" algorithm from ImageJ.                     |

### Binning

> By default, the `lut` (lookup table) is specified in terms of histogram bin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `lut` (lookup table) is specified with unprefixed numbers, they are interpreted as histogram bins. (This is for legacy reasons and backward compatibility.)
```

> indices for legacy reasons.

Reviewer: I wouldnt' call this a "default".  I'd call it "unprefixed values".

> indices for legacy reasons.

Reviewer: The scary thing is if we ever change the internal length of the LUT (say from 256 to 512)
